getConfig extension: pricingMode (#54)
MewsSystems/gitbook-channel-manager-api: mews-api.md

| `email` | `string` | optional | Email contact of the property. |
| `telephone` | `string` | optional | Phone contact of the property. |
| `spaceCount` | `int` | required | Total count of spaces sold/offered by the property. |

> | `pricingMode` | `string` | required | Property pricing environment. Determines whether `net` or `gross` prices sent to a Channel Manger. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pricingMode` | `int` | required | Property pricing environment. Determines whether `net` or `gross` prices is sent to a Channel Manger. |
```
